Update DQL arbitrary joins to use the ON keyword instead of WITH (#12198)
doctrine/doctrine2: docs/en/reference/dql-doctrine-query-language.rst

when the DQL is switched to an arbitrary join.

.. note::
    The differences between WHERE, WITH, ON and HAVING clauses may be
    confusing.

    - WHERE is applied to the results of an entire query

>     - WITH and ON is applied to a join as an additional condition. For
>       arbitrary joins (SELECT f, b FROM Foo f, Bar b ON f.id = b.id)
>       the ON is required, even if it is 1 = 1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - WITH can be used to give additional conditions when joining across associations
    - For arbitrary joins, the join condition must be provided, even if it is 1 = 1. As of ORM 3.6, use the ON keyword for this. The WITH keyword is still supported for BC reasons.
```

when the DQL is switched to an arbitrary join.

.. note::
    The differences between WHERE, WITH, ON and HAVING clauses may be
    confusing.

    - WHERE is applied to the results of an entire query
    - ON is applied to arbitrary joins as the join condition. For
      arbitrary joins (SELECT f, b FROM Foo f, Bar b ON f.id = b.id)
      the ON is required, even if it is 1 = 1. WITH is also
      supported as alternative keyword for that case for BC reasons.

>     - WITH is applied to an association join as an addition condition.

Reviewer: *additional*

Author: fixed

    SubselectIdentificationVariableDeclaration ::= IdentificationVariableDeclaration
    RangeVariableDeclaration                   ::= AbstractSchemaName ["AS"] AliasIdentificationVariable
    JoinAssociationDeclaration                 ::= JoinAssociationPathExpression ["AS"] AliasIdentificationVariable [IndexBy]

>     Join                                       ::= ["LEFT" ["OUTER"] | "INNER"] "JOIN" (JoinAssociationDeclaration ["WITH" ConditionalExpression] | RangeVariableDeclaration [("ON" | "WITH") ConditionalExpression])

Reviewer: Can we somehow note somewhere near here that `WITH` is deprecated?

Author: I don't think the EBNF syntax supports this.
